add note about database name in query log (#1980)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring/logging.adoc

| Connection details.

| database

> | The database name on which the query is run. This field will be `<none>` if it is not possible to parse and route the query to the correct database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The database name on which the query is run. This field will be `<none>` if it is impossible to parse and route the query to the correct database.
```

Author: For some reason it felt weird to say `impossibe` (don't ask me why 😄). Would it be okay with the change I made to:

"This field will be `<none>` if the query cannot be parsed and routed to a database."
